refactor(ui): update radiogroupfield to use fieldset (#4463)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/components/radiogroupfield/react.mdx

  </ExampleCode>
</Example>

### Accessibility / Legend behavior

> The form primitives are accessible by default. A matching `legend` HTML element will be connected to the form control -- simply provide a `legend` prop with a `string` or `ReactNode`. If no `id` is provided, one will be automatically generated and connected to both `legend` and form control elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An HTML `<legend>` element is automatically associated with the RadioGroupField's `<fieldset>` via the `legend` prop so that the radiogroup is accessibly labelled.  For `Radio`, a `<label>` element will be automatically generated via the `label` prop. Both can accept a `string` or `ReactNode`. 

If no `id` is provided to `<Radio>`, one will be automatically generated and connected to both the `label` and the form control; in this case the `input[type="radio"]`.

```

Taking a go at re-writing this since this primitive controls both the group's legend and the inputs' labels.

> #### How can I visually hide the legend while maintaining accessibility?
> 
> In some applications it may be desirable to hide the legend when the field purpose is visually apparent such as a search field with button.
> The `legendHidden` prop can be used to visually hide the legend while still keeping it visible for screenreaders.
> 
> UX Tip: refrain hiding legend if doing so hides important information needed by the user to fill out the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How can I visually hide the legend or labels while maintaining accessibility?

In some applications it may be desirable to hide the legend when the field purpose is visually apparent such as a search field with button.
The `legendHidden` prop can be used on `RadioGroupField` to visually hide the `<legend>` while still keeping it available to screenreaders. Similarily, the `labelHidden` prop can be used to accessibly hide a `<Radio>` element's `<label>`

UX Tip: refrain hiding legends and labels if doing so hides important information needed by the user to fill out the field.
```
Some more copy suggestions for this part since we have legend's and labels now.
